Research has shown that there is not a digital audit trail of SORs and the changes made. There is also missing information that could build up a bigger picture on a national level. 
This has an impact for finance, forecasting and area management as the documents that contain this information cannot be easily found. In the case of FBO disputing charges more work than should be necessary.

Originally, we had suggested a form of electronic signature so that the SOR could be signed off by the FBO from within the system. However the feedback we gained from user testing showed that this was not useful for ITLs or FBOs and we did not think that it would be an effective technological implementation. We iterated on this to provide a method of picture capture from the SOR. This could work with an “SOR editor lite” type approach to allow a picture to be taken on a business mobile phone and quickly uploaded of a signed coversheet and SOR, or a simple upload function so that this could be done from a desktop/laptop computer. 

By capturing the SOR digitally, all departments across will have visibility to the resource for each plant and the information we proposing to be captured. This will help build an accurate picture for finance and forecasting.

Each time a “main” version is saved of the SOR, a change log will be saved - this will allow a clear picture of changes over time to be made, which could help with forecasting and any FBO queries. There will always be a single source of truth with the SORs. There will only ever be one main version. If a temporary version is switched to become the main version then this will be a new whole version number e.g. Main V1.0, 1.2, .1.3, Temporary Xmas 2019 (switched to main) becomes Main V2.0. Old versions will be available (a business process will need consideration for this).

A further issue that was discovered was that multiple versions of SORs (and rotas) are being distributed and discussed via email. We recommend including distribution options from within the SOR system but that these emails contain a link to the most up-to-date version of a particular SOR. This will create a closed working environment and will ensure that any changes are made within the system.